[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Let's walk through
one more time, just to make sure.
You just got,
you just understand what it's doing.
Because tomorrow we're gonna
do asynchronous stuff and
it's going to get pretty crazy
when we start doing thunks.
And stuff like that because
we actually had to do that.
So all we're, so basically yes?
>> Speaker 2: Asking if you
can use the Redux dev tools.
>> Scott Moss: Can you use the Redux
dev tools in Chrome during debugging?
>> Scott Moss: No I don't think so because
I'm pretty sure the Redux dev tools rely
on the dom although I could be wrong.
Maybe they've modified it.
I haven't used the Redux dev.tools in.
I don't know so many months but last time
I checked it was attached to the dom.
So I don't know if you can use it.
I think you mentioned earlier that dev
tools would only really push people to
Redux, are there any elements of it that
give it a get a nice advantage over RX?
Yes the dev tools for
Redux when using the web are great,
any other advantages given over RX?
Yeah you don't have to learn RX,
which is really hard.
[LAUGH] He had to learn observables which
is not the easiest thing to do at least
it wasn't for me.
Observables was a tough thing for
me to understand whereas
Redux is just JavaScript.
So I think that's the best overhead.
With RXJS, you have to really understand
what you're doing to set up a structure
similar to Redux because
Redux is like here.
It's the only way to do it because RX,
like you could mess up and have like
the worst architecture ever or the best,
it depends on how brilliant you are.
Can you describe in a few words what
the advantages about using Redux, okay?
But it's predictable, we can actually
predict our state or it's like, if you
have local state and like 2A data binding
like for instance inside of a component.
It's gonna be really hard to predict
where the state is, what's happening.
Where it's being mutated,
where it's not being mutated,
whereas Redux is actually really easy.
The only way to modify
a state is to fire an action.
And then only in our reducers
are we changing the state.
So as we can actually kind of understand
what's happening where a state and
because everything is all
the state is changed by an action.
We get a timeline of every single thing
that's happening in our application,
which is why Redux can like travel
through time which is like one of the big
selling points.
You can go back in time and undo the state
like go back to the previous state in your
app which means you're walking
back in time in your application.
And that's what the dev tool does,
it's actually pretty cool.
I would highly recommend checking it
out using a Redux app on the web.
It's like if this thing pop open and
you can this time travel through your app.
It's really great for debugging too,
I've actually used it in production to
track what users were doing
when an error happened.
Go look at the logs in the Redux and
I can see exactly what actions they did.
I can go back all the way to what they
were doing like this is where it fell.
So it's pretty pretty good to do that.
>> Scott Moss: Nice.
Yeah, and testing is easy too because they
are just pure functions, no side effects.
So you can test pretty easily.
Any more questions on this stuff?
Okay, so-
>> Speaker 3: What are the tricky parts of
the downfalls of that approach,
from your perspective,
you're talking about advantages but,
disadvantages.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, this advantages is
tons of border plate like if you look at
this reducer here.
This is actually just a small reducer.
I've written apps with reducers are like,
I don't know, just huge, huge reducers
doing all types of creative stuff.
And there's so
much boilerplate because you'd be having
the producers doing the same thing.
So you find yourself trying to make
like these methods that do try to
take care of all the cases for
if all your reducers.
So a lot of boilerplate,
tons of boilerplate.
You have to be really good organization,
like for
instance, I always find myself typing
out these action names sometimes and
I'm like what is going on and
it kind of breaks.
The other thing for
me which is the biggest for
me I would say is like Redux
doesn't handle side effects at all.
A side effect is, so
I want this action to happen.
So when it's action fires,
I want something else to happen.
Like I want some asynchronous
thing to happen.
So when I add a post I also want to go
ahead and make this call to the analytics
TV or something like that and Redux
doesn't really handle that for you at all.
There is no story for that.
You gotta do it yourself so
that kind of sucks for me.
Whereas I want to be able to describe
side effects when certain actions happen.
And that's just not there..And then
the configuration is kind of tough
I guess..You have to do a lot of things
like connecting it with the connect and
all types other stuff like that.
So there's a lot of configuration,
a lot of boilerplate, no support for
side effects and yeah,
those are the downsides for me.
Yeah, and the types making sure that
they're all the same other than that
it's pretty good.
It's still one of the best things
out there as far as state management
goes for sure.
But if you know RXJS I
recommended just using RXJS.
If you don't know observables use Redux.
I want to go over the stuff we did today
and get a chance to ask questions and
then kind of go over the thing
were gonna build tomorrow.
We're gonna be building
a fitness app tomorrow.
An app that your,
it's actually gonna look pretty good.
You could probably like
put in the app store.
It's gonna be like a really good
looking app, it's really dope.
It's called Sweatbook.
It's gonna be amazing.
[LAUGH] Yeah, Sweatbook,
but, yeah, so now,
let's just go over all your questions for
today specifically because tomorrow we're
gonna just,
we're gonna hit the ground running.
Believe it or not, most of the stuff that
you learned today is pretty much already.
There are some like APIs
that we haven't used but
the API is a read the documentation
like that's nothing.
But most of the basic concepts for
what you know now.
You can actually build
an application because it's just,
it's literally just the components,
these components
with whatever JavaScript you want to
use for state management or whatever.
But it's literally just these components.
And how React works.
Everything else is just JavaScript.